Add content to be able to switch to new homepage (#547)
cncf/tag-contributor-strategy: website/content/about/working-groups/deaf-and-hard-of-hearing.md

---
title: "Deaf & Hard of Hearing Working Group"
linkTitle: "Deaf & Hard of Hearing"
url: /about/deaf-and-hard-of-hearing
---

{{% blocks/lead color="primary" align="left" %}}

> Want to participate in empowering deaf or hard of hearing individuals? We are here to help!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Want to help empower deaf and hard of hearing individuals? Join our effort!
```

> Read our [Charter](https://github.com/cncf/tag-contributor-strategy/tree/main/deaf-and-hard-of-hearing)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about our group, read our [Charter](https://github.com/cncf/tag-contributor-strategy/tree/main/deaf-and-hard-of-hearing)
```

Author: I will keep this one as is. It is a subtitle directly below the header and all the other WG pages have the same format: https://deploy-preview-547--cncf-contribute.netlify.app/about/deaf-and-hard-of-hearing/

Author: cc @CathPag

Reviewer: ok

{{% /blocks/lead %}}

<div class="section-group">

{{% blocks/section color="dark" %}}

> The CNCF Deaf and Hard of Hearing (deaf/hoh) initiative aims to empower and include individuals who are deaf or hard of hearing in the cloud native and open source communities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CNCF Deaf and Hard of Hearing (deaf/hoh) working group aims to empower and include individuals who are deaf or hard of hearing in the cloud native and open source communities.
```

Our group's mission is to create a supportive and inclusive environment within the cloud native and open source community.

{{% /blocks/section %}}

</div>
<div class="section-group">

{{% blocks/section color="secondary" %}}

## Goals

<div class="text-left">

* Create pathways for deaf/hoh individuals into cloud native and open source.
* Empower deaf/hoh to become more visible members within the cloud native community.

> * Encourage and educate employers on hiring deaf/hoh employees.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Encourage and educate employers to hire deaf/hoh employees.
```

* Build a deaf/hoh in tech community to network, learn from, and support each other.

</div>

{{% /blocks/section %}}

</div>
<div class="section-group">

{{% blocks/section color="white" %}}

## Benefits

<div class="text-left">

> Here are some benefits that the deaf/hoh working group can provide to individuals:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Benefits for deaf/hoh individuals:
```

> * Inclusion: Deaf/hoh individuals can actively participate in tech communities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Inclusion**: Become an active cloud native and open sourcecommunity member.
```

> * Career Growth: Access to jobs in the tech industry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Career Growth**: Grow your network of hearing and deaf/hoh peers an learn about professional opportunities. 
```

> * Networking: Connect with a supportive deaf/hoh in tech community.

Reviewer: ``` suggestion
* **Networking**: Connect with a supportive deaf/hoh tech community.
```

> * Inspiration: Become inspired by deaf/hoh role models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Inspiration**: Meet deaf/hoh role models.
```

> * Educational Resources: Access tools to enhance skills.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Educational Resources**: Learn about tools to enhance your tech skills.
```

> * Visibility: Increase recognition within tech communities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Visibility**: Find out about and get support for speaking or other public opportunities. 
```

> Furthermore, communities can benefit from these:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Benefits for the hearing community:
```

> * Diversity and Inclusion: Greater diversity and inclusion, enriching the community with different perspectives and talents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Diversity and Inclusion**: Learn how to be more diverse and inclusive, enriching the community with different perspectives and talents.
```

> * Expanded Talent Pool: Access to a broader talent pool, including skilled deaf/hoh individuals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Expanded Talent Pool**: Access to a broader talent pool, including skilled deaf/hoh individuals.
```

> * Innovation: Diverse participation fosters innovation and creativity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Innovation**: Diverse participation fosters innovation and creativity.
```

> * Education: Enhanced awareness and understanding of deaf/hoh issues and accommodations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Education**: Enhanced awareness and understanding of deaf/hoh needs and accommodations.
```

> * Role Models: Deaf/hoh role models can inspire and motivate others in the community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Role Models**: Deaf/hoh role models can inspire and motivate others in the community.
```

> * Networking: Building connections and collaboration with the deaf/hoh in tech community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Networking**: Building connections and collaboration with the deaf/hoh in tech community.
```

> * Greater Representation: Increased representation benefits the overall community's visibility and reputation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Greater Representation**: Increased representation benefits the overall community's visibility and reputation.
```
